[docs] Add "check table visibility" to troubleshooting guide (#42072)
metabase/metabase: docs/troubleshooting-guide/cant-see-tables.md

Metabase uses a group-based permission model: people belong to groups, and admins can set permissions to hide tables from groups.

## Check if the table is hidden

1. Go to **Admin > Table Metadata** and choose the database where your table is.
2. Check that **Visibility** of your table is not set to **Hidden**.

**Explanation**

> If Admins set the table visibility to **Hidden**, you will be able to use SQl to query the table but will not be able to see it in **Browse data** or as a data source in the Query Builder.

Author: ```suggestion
If an Admin sets the table visibility to **Hidden**, you will be able to use SQL to query the table but will not be able to see it in **Browse data** or as a data source in the Query Builder.
```
